Adds limitation to UDN docs (#97999)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-udn-limitations.adoc

* *Default network service access*: A user-defined network pod is isolated from the default network, which means that most default network services are inaccessible. For example, a user-defined network pod cannot currently access the {product-title} image registry. Because of this limitation, source-to-image builds do not work in a user-defined network namespace. Additionally, other functions do not work, including functions to create applications based on the source code in a Git repository, such as `oc new-app <command>`, and functions to create applications from an {product-title} template that use source-to-image builds. This limitation might also affect other `openshift-*.svc` services.

* *Connectivity limitation*: NodePort services on user-defined networks are not guaranteed isolation. For example, NodePort traffic from a pod to a service on the same node is not accessible, whereas traffic from a pod on a different node succeeds.

> * *Unclear error message for IP address exhaustion*: When a user-defined network's subnet runs out of available IP addresses, new pods fail to start. The pod's error message, `Warning: Failed to create pod sandbox` does not clearly specify that IP depletion is the cause. To confirm the issue, check the *Events* in the pod's namespace, where an explicit message about subnet exhaustion is reported.

Reviewer: Possessives are not on friendly terms with the IBM SG. How about:

```suggestion
* *Unclear error message for IP address exhaustion*: When the subnet of a user-defined network runs out of available IP addresses, new pods fail to start. This situation generates an error message for the pod: `Warning: Failed to create pod sandbox`. The error message does not clearly specify the cause as IP depletion. To confirm the issue in the {product-title} web console, check the *Events* page in the namespace of the pod, where an explicit message about subnet exhaustion exists.
```
